Refactor Lookupable (#4519)
chipsalliance/chisel: docs/src/cookbooks/hierarchy.md

## How do I access internal fields of an instance?

You can mark internal members of a Module class or trait marked with `@instantiable` with the `@public` annotation.
The requirements are that the field is publicly accessible, is a `val` or `lazy val`, and must have an implementation of `Lookupable`.

Types that are supported by default are:

1. `Data`
2. `BaseModule`
3. `MemBase`
4. `IsLookupable`
5. `Iterable`/`Option`/`Either` containing a type that meets these requirements

> 6. Basic type like `String`, `Int`, `BigInt` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Basic type like `String`, `Int`, `BigInt`, `Unit`, etc.
```

println("```")
```

## How do I make case classes containing Data or Modules accessible from an instance?

For case classes containing `Data`, `BaseModule`, `MemBase` or `Instance` types, you can provide an implementation of the `Lookupable` typeclass.

**Note that Lookupable for Modules is deprecated, please cast to Instance instead (with `.toInstance`).**

Consider the following case class:

```scala mdoc:reset
import chisel3._
import chisel3.experimental.hierarchy.{Definition, Instance, instantiable, public}

case class UserDefinedType[T <: Data, M <: RawModule](name: String, data: T, inst: Instance[M])
```

By default, instances of `UserDefinedType` will not be accessible from instances:

```scala mdoc:fail
class ChildModule extends Module {
  @public val wire = Wire(UInt(8.W))
}
@instantiable
class HasUserDefinedType extends Module {
  val inst = Module(new ChildModule)
  val wire = Wire(UInt(8.W))
  @public val x = UserDefinedType("foo", wire, inst.toInstance)
}
```

> We can implement the `Lookupable` type class for `UserDefinedType` in order to make it accessible.

Reviewer: nit 
this is getting a bit into 'explanation' over 'cookbook'

Author: Improved a bit I think!

This involves defining an implicit def in the companion object for `UserDefinedType`.
Because `UserDefinedType` has three fields, we use the `Lookupable.product3` factory.
It takes 4 type parameters: the type of the case class, and the types of each of its fields.
It also takes two functions: one to convert the case class to a tuple of its fields, and one to convert the tuple back to the case class.

**If any fields are `BaseModules`, you must change them to be `Instance[_]` in order to define the `Lookupable` typeclass.**

For more information about typeclasses, see the [DataView section on Type Classes](https://www.chisel-lang.org/chisel3/docs/explanations/dataview#type-classes).

```scala mdoc
import chisel3.experimental.hierarchy.Lookupable
object UserDefinedType {
  // Use Lookupable.Simple type alias as return type.

>   implicit def lookupable[T <: Data, M <: RawModule]: Lookupable.Simple[UserDefinedType[T, M]] =

Reviewer: it feels like this example is more confusing than necessary with the `T` and `M` type parameters. Could you show a simpler example first with concrete types like `MyBundle` and `MyModule`? It's hard to separate in my mind which part of this is type parameters for the `Lookupable.product3` and which are for the fact that our UserDefinedType is type parameterized itself.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I agree we should have a dead simple example, and then a second one with the type parameters.

Author: Done, I split it into 3 sections, a simpler example, the type parameterized one, and then the "lots of fields" is its own.

    Lookupable.product3[UserDefinedType[T, M], String, T, Instance[M]](

>       x => (x.name, x.data, x.inst),
>       UserDefinedType.apply // Use case class-generated factory method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Provide the recipe for converting the UserDefinedType to a Tuple
      x => (x.name, x.data, x.inst),
      // Provide the recipe for converting a Tuple to a user defined type.
      // For case classes, you can use the built-in factory method 
      UserDefinedType.apply
```
